Hi, people, I just got on the market and
save the purchases but decided
Enjoy it to show you what
I bought I bought a carton with 20
eggs with presence of 500 chocolate
Of course I bought in the first video that
showed and find supermarket bought
lack of understanding of oats
in focus on this package it has 500
the price of the integral rubber of the
silva was yesterday 400 grams with frei
corn meal cereal flakes purchase
2 x it comes in a pack like this
closed and I open to be easy to
fit in the bag cereal corn and cereal
chocolate and comes with matt already the line
without a red choice
I bought and guti is the one here is the credit
suisse
And this one is durango and coconut but argue
this one is full of nef you comel
this one also the same brand here only
cocoa and cereals
This one from adra is worth having
red fruits and white chocolate
Now I'm going to start picking up the
cart
I bought enough gelatin there myself
I bought pineapple grape pineapple and
strawberry raspberry also understandable
account that he filled his duco hand and
this one also of bauducco that is
Cookies
only I the traditional one of them what they
have chocolate also bought filter
paper to make coffee margarine one
jump to it that mark that doriana
I bought 12 I found this brand that
claybom and the shotgun shotgun or
so make those cookies that I
I do not even know the channel here.
I bought Sustagen for my son.
the oil
I bought two manes that I like to make
salad or else pass on the bread as
Sandwich so I bought 12
this brand is only condensed milk
kilos of bean from the
supermarket
this grated coconut granulated chocolate
milk I bought four liters
the prize cold will not be her and presented
and I know that there are olives stuffed with
one
I think they found complement ant
calabrese sausage ground beef and
closed
This time I did not buy more chicken.
then place the u
I'll buy it from time to time in the market.
It's cool but when you go on forever.
ends up getting monotonous get a little
boring and recording a video in court
If you like, click I liked it.
so I do not do it to you any more
a huge kiss for everyone and see you soon